Nume: Dumitrescu Andrei 
Grupă: 333CC

# Tema 1 TODO
We have to make a marketplace based on Multiple Concumers Multiple Producers paradigm,
using Python multi-threading.

The homework was composed of 4 modules:
    - Marketplace => intermediate module in which the producer publish products and consumers buy
    - Consumer => each consumer has multiple carts with different commands such as remove product or add product
    - Producer => each producer publish a numer of products of each type ( tea or coffee)
    - Product => type of product published by the producer

About homework
-

I have used mainly the second lab of ASC and adapt it for the purpose of this homework.
The idea behind is to use a dictionary for each producer and each cart.

Knowing the number of maximum products published by each producer, I can use a list of
products for each producer.

In the producers dictionary, I store this list at the 'producer' key.
When a producer publish a new product, firstly I check if that user is available for my
marketplace. Then I publish the product only if the list for that producer is not full.
Otherwise, I will return False.

For the carts, I store a list of tuples, made of the product and the id for the producer.

For generating the unique id for the card and the producer, I use a lock, because
this way I can get over race conditions.

For adding into cart, removing and printing the list, I have used a lock, because
otherwise it would have been a race condition.

I search everytime I encounter a product, because using an index could
be a wrong approach. THe idea is that if another consumer remove a product,
then the indexes are no longer available.

Example:
    with self.producer_ids_lock:
                id_prod = uuid.uuid4().hex

                while id_prod in self.producers:
                    id_prod = uuid.uuid4().hex

In this situation I generate a new id until it is unique. Same for cart_id.

Overall the homework was useful and good for me to train my python skills.
Added try: except: to catch ValueErrors and log thos errors into marketpalce.log

Implementation
-
I have implemented everything but the unittesting.

The implementation consist of the code which resolv the 80 points test cases and also
10 points for logging.

Used second lab of ASC and the first one, for training my Python skills.
Learned new Python this such as wait statement and coding style approaches.

I had some difficulties on implementing logging, because my log file was always empty,
but I found answer on python documentation and StackOverflow.

Resources
-

For the logging, I have searched on StackOverflow and also on Python documentation.
For the locks, I was locking for error messages and found about wait statement.

Git
-
1. https://github.com/Andrei250/MarketPlace-Python
